[Music]
to add Wasabi as a storage you go to
settings storage add new and choose
Wasabi when you click on Wasabi you'll
see several fields that need to be
filled out the first step is to give
your storage a name this can be anything
that helps you identify the storage next
decide whether you want to share this
storage source with others or keep it
private for your use only now now choose
whether to give us readon or read write
access readon lets you view and import
content read write lets you both import
and upload videos this is great if you
want to send videos back to Wasabi or
upload directly from The Cutting Room
reporter app when you have done this you
need to find the rest of the information
in wasabi I'm going to quickly show you
how to do
it first things first go ahead and log
into your Wasabi account once you're
logged in take a look at the left hand
sidebar you'll see an option called
buckets click on that if you haven't
created a bucket yet don't worry we're
about to do that now now click create
bucket here you'll have to fill in a
bunch of settings I'm not going to show
you double check everything to make sure
it's correct once you're ready just hit
create
bucket now you have to create an access
key on your left sidebar find access key
and create access key
now you have to choose between root user
and subuser root user equals full access
all powerful responsible for the entire
system subuser equals limited access
with permissions set by the root user
for specific tasks in this case let's
choose the root user now you see the
application key be sure to copy this
information and save it somewhere safe
because it will only show up once with
that application key ready let's head
back to Cutting Room
you'll need two things you already saved
the Wasabi application key ID and the
Wasabi application key these are the
details you copied
earlier next for the bucket name and
region go back to Wasabi find the bucket
you created and you'll see that
information there
if you've given us readon permission you
can go back to the editor and you'll
find your Wasabi bucket in the source
player this will allow you to view and
import files from the bucket into your
project if you've given us read write
permission you are given two options you
can either go back to Wasabi and create
a folder within the bucket you created
or you can just create one by entering
distribution in the settings click on
Wasabi and enter a display name and a
bucket path bucket path is the name of
the folder that will end up in wasabi if
you've already made a bucket in wasabi
then you just enter the name of the
folder here once that is done go back to
your project render the project and
you'll see an option under Wasabi to
export your rendered files directly to
your bucket
the folder will appear in wasabi when
the first video is uploaded lastly we'll
connect Cutting Room reporter to your
Wasabi storage first go to settings then
reporter under record and upload
destination select your Wasabi bucket
here you have to enter your destination
name choose the storage and then the
folder for the videos this is the folder
you made in wasabi you can also choose
video resolution frame rates and allowed
camera orientations
now any videos you record using Cutting
Room reporter will upload straight into
that
bucket and there you have it you're all
set to use back Blaze with Cutting Room
[Music]